README.md, before:

## QuantRegGLasso Package
[![R build status](https://github.com/egpivo/QuantRegGLasso/workflows/R-CMD-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/egpivo/QuantRegGLasso/actions)
[![Code Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/egpivo/QuantRegGLasso/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/egpivo/QuantRegGLasso)

## Description
**QuantRegGLasso** is an R package meticulously crafted to address adaptively weighted group Lasso procedures of quantile regression problems. It excels in simultaneous variable selection and structure identification for varying coefficient quantile regression models, as well as additive quantile regression models featuring ultra-high dimensional covariates.

## Installation
- Install the current development version from GitHub:
   ```r
   remotes::install_github("egpivo/QuantRegGLasso")
   ```

**Please Note:**

- **Windows Users:** Ensure that you have [Rtools](https://cran.r-project.org/bin/windows/Rtools/) installed before proceeding with the installation.

- **Mac Users:** You need Xcode Command Line Tools and should install the library [`gfortran`](https://github.com/fxcoudert/gfortran-for-macOS/releases). Follow these steps in the terminal:
    ```bash
    brew update
    brew install gcc
    ```
    For a detailed solution, refer to this [link](https://thecoatlessprofessor.com/programming/rcpp-rcpparmadillo-and-os-x-mavericks-lgfortran-and-lquadmath-error/), or download and install the library [`gfortran`](https://github.com/fxcoudert/gfortran-for-macOS/releases) to resolve the "`ld: library not found for -lgfortran`" error.


### Author
- [Wen-Ting Wang](https://www.linkedin.com/in/wen-ting-wang-6083a17b)
- [Wei-Ying Wu](https://projecteuclid.org/search?author=Wei-Ying_Wu)
- [Toshio Honda](https://www1.econ.hit-u.ac.jp/honda/e-honda.html)
- [Ching-Kang Ing](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Ching-Kang-Ing)

 
### Maintainer
[Wen-Ting Wang](https://www.linkedin.com/in/wen-ting-wang-6083a17b)

### Reference
Toshio Honda, Ching-Kang Ing, Wei-Ying Wu (2019). [Adaptively weighted group Lasso for semiparametric quantile regression models](https://projecteuclid.org/journals/bernoulli/volume-25/issue-4B/Adaptively-weighted-group-Lasso-for-semiparametric-quantile-regression-models/10.3150/18-BEJ1091.full).

## License
GPL-3

Commit message:

[CRAN] Prepare release v1.0.0 to CRAN (#7)
* CHG: refine readme; update the description; add licence file; update the ignoring tag

* CHG: refine README content

* CHG: refine the r code by enhancing readbility, reformatting, and reducing redundant arguments

* CHG: refine the rcpp code and description

* CHG: add p parameter as mandatory; update the test cases and fix example code

* CHG: refine wordings; update the manunal

* FIX: correct typos

* FIX: correct the bugs from CRAN result

* CHG: enhance the example code

* FIX: correct the codecov url

* CHG: refine code based on the review comments

* CHG: refine the par issue

* CHG: refine example code by the CRAN review

* FIX: regenerate the manual

* Update README.md

* CHG: update the release note

README.md, after:

## QuantRegGLasso: Adaptively Weighted Group Lasso for Semiparametric Quantile Regression Models

[![License](https://eddelbuettel.github.io/badges/GPL2+.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html)
[![R build status](https://github.com/egpivo/QuantRegGLasso/workflows/R-CMD-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/egpivo/QuantRegGLasso/actions)
[![Code Coverage](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/egpivo/QuantRegGLasso/master.svg)](https://app.codecov.io/github/egpivo/QuantRegGLasso?branch=master)
[![CRAN_Status_Badge](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/QuantRegGLasso)](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=QuantRegGLasso)
[![Downloads (monthly)](https://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/QuantRegGLasso?color=brightgreen)](https://www.r-pkg.org/pkg/QuantRegGLasso)
[![Downloads (total)](https://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/grand-total/QuantRegGLasso?color=brightgreen)](https://www.r-pkg.org/pkg/QuantRegGLasso)
[![BEJ](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bernoulli-10.3150%2FBEJ1091-brightgreen)](https://doi.org/10.3150/18-BEJ1091)


**QuantRegGLasso** is an R package designed for adaptively weighted group Lasso procedures in quantile regression. It excels in simultaneous variable selection and structure identification for varying coefficient quantile regression models and additive quantile regression models with ultra-high dimensional covariates.


## Installation
- Install the current development version from GitHub:
  ```r
  remotes::install_github("egpivo/QuantRegGLasso")
  ```

**Please Note:**

- **Windows Users:** Ensure that you have [Rtools](https://cran.r-project.org/bin/windows/Rtools/) installed before proceeding with the installation.

- **Mac Users:** You need Xcode Command Line Tools and should install the library [`gfortran`](https://github.com/fxcoudert/gfortran-for-macOS/releases). Follow these steps in the terminal:
  ```bash
  brew update
  brew install gcc
  ```

  For a detailed solution, refer to this [link](https://thecoatlessprofessor.com/programming/rcpp-rcpparmadillo-and-os-x-mavericks-lgfortran-and-lquadmath-error/), or download and install the library [`gfortran`](https://github.com/fxcoudert/gfortran-for-macOS/releases) to resolve the "`ld: library not found for -lgfortran`" error.


### Authors
- [Wen-Ting Wang](https://www.linkedin.com/in/wen-ting-wang-6083a17b) ([GitHub](https://github.com/egpivo))
- [Wei-Ying Wu](https://projecteuclid.org/search?author=Wei-Ying_Wu)
- [Toshio Honda](https://www1.econ.hit-u.ac.jp/honda/e-honda.html)
- [Ching-Kang Ing](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Ching-Kang-Ing)

 
### Maintainer
[Wen-Ting Wang](https://www.linkedin.com/in/wen-ting-wang-6083a17b) ([GitHub](https://github.com/egpivo))

### Reference
Toshio Honda, Ching-Kang Ing, Wei-Ying Wu (2019). [Adaptively weighted group Lasso for semiparametric quantile regression models](https://projecteuclid.org/journals/bernoulli/volume-25/issue-4B/Adaptively-weighted-group-Lasso-for-semiparametric-quantile-regression-models/10.3150/18-BEJ1091.full).

This paper introduces the adaptively weighted group Lasso procedure and its application to semiparametric quantile regression models. The methodology is grounded in a strong sparsity condition, establishing selection consistency under certain weight conditions.

## License
GPL (>= 2)
